[docs] Document ref forwarding (requirements) (#15298)
mui-org/material-ui: docs/src/pages/getting-started/faq/faq.md

## How can I access the DOM element?

All Material-UI components that should render something in the DOM forward their

> ref to the underlying built-in component. This means that you can get DOM elements

Author: DOM elements don't know anything about refs though. I think the current text is technically correct because we end up with e.g. `<div ref={ref} />` which mens the ref is attached to the built-in component not the the DOM element.

maybe stick with `host component` here. I've rarely seen "built-in component"

 ```suggestion
ref to the underlying host component. This means that you can get DOM elements
```

The important thing is that the takeway should be: "How do I get the DOM element? Just attach a ref. Material-UI will take care of the rest"

by reading the ref attached to Material-UI components:

```jsx
// or a ref setter function
const ref = React.createRef();
// render
<Button ref={ref} />;
// usage
const element = ref.current;
```

If you're not sure if the Material-UI component in question forwards its ref you

> can check the API documentation under "Props" e.g. the [/api/Button#props](Button API)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
can check the API documentation under "Props" e.g. the [/api/button/#props](Button API)
```
